V0.2.0 (#73)
ropensci-org/contributing-guidance: rsrc_blog.Rmd

## Blog {#blog}

The rOpenSci blog contains both long form [blog posts](https://ropensci.org/blog/) and shorter [tech notes](https://ropensci.org/technotes). 

> It’s a large, rich resource for learning about the R packages developed by staff and by community members and how people use them, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a large, rich resource for learning about the R packages developed by staff and by community members and how people use them, 
```

the people and processes involved in our open software peer review system, and the value people get from being part of our community. 

> We’ve published more than 500 posts since 2012 with more than half written by community members. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've published more than 500 posts since 2012 with more than half written by community members. 
```

*   **Read [blog posts](https://ropensci.org/blog/) or [tech notes](https://ropensci.org/technotes/)**
*   Did you find an article interesting or useful? **Share posts with your network**
*   **Comment on a post to share your perspective or to ask a question.** 
    Comments appear in our [public discussion forum](#channels).
*   We love to hear stories about how people use our tools and resources. 
    Have an idea for our blog? **Write a blog post or tech note**. 
    Take a look at examples of posts above and on the [blog](https://ropensci.org/blog), 

>     browse the [Blog Guide](https://blogguide.ropensci.org/) to see what’s involved, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    browse the [Blog Guide](https://blogguide.ropensci.org/) to see what's involved, 
```
